The Latest Dealflow.com Real Estate Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/read

January 28, 2015

Online Deals Offer Access to Complex Cap Structures - Online investors can take a piece of residential properties, but they can also get involved in multi-layered commercial financings that were once off limits to most individuals.

Deal Graphic - In the commercial real estate market, transaction fails are down as lending conditions ease.

Pitch Events - A listing of 13 demo days, pitch events, and presenting company opportunities in the coming months.

League Tables - Dealflow’s tabulation of open and closed real estate deals.

Deal Briefs - Coverage of six private real estate companies now raising capital.

New Deal Activity - In the reporting period from December 1 through December 31, we tracked the announcement of 134 new real estate fundraisings aiming to raise $1.17 billion.

Advertised Deal Activity - Within the set of new fundraisings, we tracked the announcement of five “advertised” fundraisings worth a total of $17.15 million.

134 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

Omega Grid Development Corp. - Med Inn Suites
RPG Group - The BLU Parcel
Nuffer Estates & Investments - BeeHive Homes
Praxis Residential - Income and Appreciation Fund IV
Silverstein Properties - Three World Trade Center
Trion Properties - Woodland Park Estates

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice.  Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.  Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof.  Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information.  The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only.  This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933.  If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow.  By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email.  You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity.    

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 