Webcast: American Alternative Investments
October 30, 2014
2:30pm to 3:15pm (ET)

Registration Link:
http://aainvestments.dealflow.com

American Alternative Investments invites you to their private webcast for accredited investors:

Dear {{{first_name}}},

As a registered member of Dealflow.com, you're qualified to receive notifications about companies that meet your interests. American Alternative Investments is an investment company specializing in conservative offerings of insurance backed assets.

AAI is currently raising $7.2 million to fund its current portfolio of life settlements. The $7.2 million offering is anticipated to be offered to accredited investors as a private offering of 5 to 10 life settlement policies and will pay a projected 67.12% simple interest, with interest due at each maturity over a projected 4 to 7 year period of time. The funds raised will be used to purchase policies and fund a reserve account to pay premiums. This is truly a “feel good” opportunity as you would be assisting seniors to get a higher cash value from their Universal Life insurance policies.

Life settlements are a multi-billion dollar industry.
They provide seniors who no longer want or need a policy a much higher cash value.
The London School of Business study shows an average annual return of between 11% and 18%.
In addition to its platform, AAI offers several other conservative alternatives including commodities and automated trading software that increases profits in your own E-trade or TD Ameritrade account.

To learn more about this investment please contact: 
Jamie Wilson, Director of Business Development 
American Alternative Investments 
432 S Emerson Ave Suite 300 
Greenwood, IN 46143 
Direct: 317-884-8767 ext 1122 

© 2014 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com) is a third-party service provider with respect to this presentation (together with all other information provided by the presenting company, “Materials”). Dealflow.com is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in this presentation constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow Analytics Inc. of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials or otherwise. Dealflow.com has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the presenting company or any of the information contained in the Materials. Furthermore, Dealflow Analytics Inc. makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow.com or with respect to the intellectual property of the presenting company, the presenting company. Dealflow.com does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the presenting company, or otherwise. By participating in the presentation you understand and agree to the disclaimers above and agree that Dealflow.com will have no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the presentation and Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
webcast@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 
