Dealflow.com's Latest White Paper: 

Download Today:
http://dealflow.com/download/whitepaper/latest

Everything you need to know about venture deals being pitched online.

Dealflow's latest whitepaper breaks down Q4 venture deal data for last year and explores the most important online deal marketing trends.

Our data for Q4 encompasses 2,307 active financings seeking to raise $15.44 billion. Based on this data, deal volume is down 16.1% from the 2,994 deals that were actively raising $20.6 billion in the previous quarter. In a year of record-breaking venture capital activity, large numbers of offerings were filed as closed with the SEC even before most investors learned about them.

The Online Deal Marketing Outlook for Q1 2015: Investors and Issuers Chafe as Regulators Dally; States Offer Alternatives to Crowdfunding and Advertising; General Solicitation under Surveillance.

Leading Venture Capital Trends

The final quarter of 2014 saw the launch of Dealflow’s interactive database of actively marketed private company financings. Over two years in the making, the database aggregates capital raises in the U.S. from all sources, including regulatory filings, funding portals, social media and company websites. Accredited investors can create custom searches across a galaxy of open financings.

The natives are getting restless as the SEC's deliberations over Title III crowdfunding and some Title II issues have taken on surreal duration. Not surprisingly, more states are working on crowdfunding workarounds that can improve the flow of capital and open up doors to investing for non-accredited investors with low investment minimums.

Meanwhile, the SEC is mulling a variety of changes to current accredited investor definitions -- changes which could democratize investing or choke the flow of capital to startups.

Looking at Venture Deals in 2014 in a Whole New Way

Last year was an impressive year for venture capital investing. Venture investors funneled over $48 billion dollars into the growth company ecosystem, according to data that indicated lesser amounts in previous years – about $30 billion in 2013 and $27.5 billion in 2012. (The figures are from Thomson Reuters and provided for PricewaterhouseCoopers and the National Venture Capital Association MoneyTree Report.) Dealflow’s closed deal data indicates that deals worth some $36.56 billion were filed as closed in regulatory filings or closed on portals before they could be tracked in our monthly tally of open financings.

The Dealflow data indicates that only 31% of the year’s financings were open for an appreciable amount of time in which investors could hear about them– or give serious thought to backing them. The numbers indicate a paradox for investors: when capital flows freely and financings are frequent, investors have less time to learn about opportunities and dedicate capital to them.


This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
todd@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 
