
{{{first_name}}},

* Normal is a direct-to-consumer custom headphones manufacturer using 3D printing technology

* Raising $3 million Series A round to expand marketing

* CEO Nikki Kaufman is a founding team member of Quirky

* FREE Webcast - August 12 at 2 PM ET/11 AM PT

We invite you to join our free webcast on Wednesday, August 12 at 2 PM ET/11 AM PT. Normal creates 3D printed custom-fit, premium headphones, and is looking to raise brand awareness and increase marketing. Normal will detail their Series A $3 million fundraise, and discuss their leadership position in 3D manufacturing. As a bonus, participants in this webcast will also be eligible to receive 50% off coupon for their own pair of headphones.

Wednesday, August 12 
Time: 2 PM ET/11 AM PT 
Duration: 30 minutes


Presenting this webcast is Normal founder Nikki Kaufman. She is a graduate of Princeton University, and was a founding team member at consumer product company Quirky (quirky.com). She has led several departments within the company including People & Culture and Operations.


Normal is revolutionizing retail:

Normal is an innovative brand selling tailor-made, premium earphones. Customized by the user and ordered via a free mobile app or at Normal’s factory store in Chelsea, Normals are fully personalized for each user’s ear, engineered and 3D printed in New York City, and delivered in as little as 48 hours. The company is a leader in using 3D printing technology to mass produce a consumer product, changing the rules (and future) of American manufacturing.

Normal in NYC:

Normal’s flagship location in Chelsea, New York City is revolutionizing retail. The Normal location combines its factory, retail store, office, and lab. With 3D printers lining the perimeter of the space and a fully exposed assembly process, Normal encourages auditory, tactile, and visual exploration of how Normals are sculpted and built. Normal’s on site Fitters help customers through the simple photo capture and customization process. Just like Normals, each in-store experience is unique and personalized.


© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}} 
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com 
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006 
webcast@dealflow.com 
http://dealflow.com 

Visit %7B%7B%7Bunsubscribe%7D%7D%7D to leave this mailing list. 
