Intezyne Technologies
Webcast

Registration Link:
http://intezyne.dealflow.com

Dealflow.com invites you to an exclusive webcast for Intezyne Technologies

Dear {{{first_name}}},

Just before you joined Dealflow, we held an exclusive webcast for Intezyne Technologies. As a registered member of Dealflow, you're qualified to receive notifications about companies like Intezyne, that meet your interests. Intezyne Technologies, is a biomedical research company developing synthetic polymers for drug delivery and the treatment of cancer. They are currently raising $15 million in a Series C Equity Financing.

Dealflow invites you to view the webcast by clicking the link in this e-mail (http://intezyne.dealflow.com).

--

Intezyne is a clinical-stage company with an extensive portfolio of product candidates that may offer physicians and patients significant advances in treating a wide variety of tumors. Intezyne's proprietary nano-particle drug encapsulation technique improves the delivery of therapeutics already approved by the FDA, making them safer, more effective, and better tolerated. 20+ such therapeutics have been successfully encapsulated by Intezyne's technology. In addition, Intezyne has 72 patents granted and 350 patents pending, fully protecting its intellectual property.

Investors can view the Intezyne Technologies webcast at http://intezyne.dealflow.com. Should you have any questions, contact us at (516) 876-8006.

© 2014 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com) is a third-party service provider with respect to this presentation (together with all other information provided by the presenting company, “Materials”). Dealflow.com is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in this presentation constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow Analytics Inc. of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials or otherwise. Dealflow.com has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the presenting company or any of the information contained in the Materials. Furthermore, Dealflow Analytics Inc. makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow.com or with respect to the intellectual property of the presenting company, the presenting company. Dealflow.com does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the presenting company, or otherwise. By participating in the presentation you understand and agree to the disclaimers above and agree that Dealflow.com will have no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the presentation and Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
webcast@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 
