
Dealflow.com
Wednesday, August 12 
2 PM ET/11 AM PT

Reserve your spot via http://marketing.dealflow.com/normal-ears/

Normal is raising $3 million to ramp up marketing, build mainstream distribution, and to continue growing its brand.

{{{first_name}}},

We invite you to join our virtual roadshow on Wednesday, August 12 at 2 PM EST. Normal, a brand selling tailor-made, premium earphones, will detail their Series A $3 million fundraising. Participants in this roadshow will also be eligible to receive 50% off their own pair.

Learn how you can invest in Normal:

Normal is an innovative brand selling tailor-made, premium earphones. Customized by the user and ordered via a free mobile app or at Normal’s factory store in Chelsea, Normals are fully personalized for each user’s ear, engineered and 3D printed in New York City, and delivered in as little as 48 hours. The company is a leader in using 3D printing technology to mass produce a consumer product, changing the rules (and future) of American manufacturing.

Investors in Normal include:

Date: Wednesday, August 12
Time: 2 PM ET/11 AM PT 
Duration: 30 minutes

Reserve your spot via http://marketing.dealflow.com/normal-ears/

Normal’s flagship location in Chelsea, New York City is revolutionizing retail. The Normal location combines its factory, retail store, office, and lab. With 3D printers lining the perimeter of the space and a fully exposed assembly process, Normal encourages auditory, tactile, and visual exploration of how Normals are sculpted and built. Normal Ears’ on site Fitters help customers through the simple photo capture and customization process. Just like Normals, each in-store experience is unique and personalized.

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”). Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. By registering for this webcast, you agree that your registration information may be shared with the sponsor of this webcast and the presenting companies. Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials. Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.


This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}} 
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com 
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006 
webcast@dealflow.com 
http://dealflow.com 

Visit %7B%7B%7Bunsubscribe%7D%7D%7D to leave this mailing list. 
