{{{first_name}}} 

Happy holidays! 

As you may already know, I’ve recently joined a long-time friend to help him run Dealflow Analytics, Inc., serving as president and general counsel. We recently launched our website www.dealflow.com, which is a searchable database of private placement offerings that we make available to investors for free. You can learn more about Dealflow in the email below. 

It has been an amazing few months for me. I’m proud of what we’ve accomplished and I’m excited to be part of an industry experiencing such rapid growth. Here’s my updated contact information: 

Tel: (516) 876-8006 x35 
Email: mbertisch@dealflow.com 
Cell: (917) 533-4855 (unchanged) 

I look forward to connecting with you soon. 

Best wishes and Happy New Year, 
Michael

From: Steven Dresner [mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com]
Sent: Thursday, December 18, 2014 4:17 PM
To: mbertisch@dealflow.com
Subject: This ISN'T another holiday card, I’m giving you the gift of Dealflow.

Webcast: Dealflow.com

Registration Link:
http://webcast.dealflow.com

{{{first_name}}}, 

You may have heard we recently launched Dealflow.com. For the past two years, we’ve been hard at work building a database of private placement offerings being pitched to investors. Today, we’re providing access to this database -- for free.

Dealflow is hosting a private webcast to discuss our Series A investment opportunity on Tuesday, January 13th at 2:00pm (ET)

We are using our own software to identify investors. I’ll be hosting a webcast on January 13 to discuss the launch of Dealflow, and articulate how we're revolutionizing the way deals are pitched.

Our aim is to be the starting point for every investor looking to find and track new deals. To do this, we need capital.

As more people sign up and use Dealflow, we’ve got the makings of a new distribution channel to find deals. Whether those deals are public, private, operating companies, or investment funds, we plan to replicate our strategy across every investment class where we deploy our data collection process.

In this webcast, you’ll learn about a whole new way to find and track investment opportunities that interest you. You’ll also see how online deal marketing is working for companies raising capital today.

This interactive presentation will include some of the same team that worked with me at DealFlow Media prior to our selling that company to TheStreet.com. We’ll be discussing how our new software works, along with our performance metrics and our potential for growth.

Join us on January 13 to find out how you can invest in Dealflow.com and have a meaningful stake in the future of deal marketing.

© 2014 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com™; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the information presented in this email or the webcast (the "Information") to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Information. The Information is being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Information may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers and provisions above and confirm that you are authorized to receive this email. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: mbertisch@dealflow.com
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006 
steven.dresner@dealflow.com 
http://dealflow.com
