The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

May 14, 2014

This issue includes:

Sports Startups Ready for Serious Competition
As markets for sports revenues see increasing competition for market share, startups are joining established media companies, professional teams and merchandisers to capitalize on new technologies that will monetize fans and advance the quest for profits.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent two-week reporting period, which covers April 26 to May 9. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every other week.


Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: Beyond the Pitch: Impact Philly, TechCrunch Austin Meetup, TechCrunch Seattle Meetup, The New York Venture Summit, Good Pitch New York 2014 …


Launched Deals
During the reporting period April 26 to May 9, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 556 new fundraisings structured to raise $5.2 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 

Advertised Deals
During the reporting period April 26 to May 9, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 29 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $305.4 million in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.


556 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

Advanced Hydrogen Plasmonics
AscendancyFX
Auto Load Logic
The College Nest
Coversant Inc.
Enertiv
EXUSMED
Fanlim
Furlocity
Gamblino
The GLO Bag
Glucovation
hOM
Infomous
Intermingl
Jawbone
LuckyDiem
Mineralist
MyDROBE
NovoFuel
Open School EduTech
pureWash Eco-Friendly Laundry System
Quantia
Qualia3D
Rant Media Network
RevTech Labs
Rogers Avenue
SayAh
Shotz Energy
SuperHost
Vino247

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: %%emailaddr%%
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 