Webcast: CoPromote

Registration Link:
http://copromote.dealflow.com

{{{first_name}}}, 

CoPromote is a social co-marketing network. They help content creators reach new audiences by boosting their social shares on Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr.

They are currently raising $5 million in a Series A round, $4 million of which has been soft circled by new and existing investors.

CoPromote's current investors include ff Venture Capital, Correlation Ventures, Alpha Prime Ventures, and the Social Internet Fund.

Dealflow is hosting a private webcast for CoPromote on Wednesday, January 21 at 2pm (ET)

The remaining $1 million is being offered by National Securities via it’s NationalCrowd.com crowdfunding platform. The minimum investment is $10,000, offering an opportunity for accredited investors to participate in the future of CoPromote.

Some key facts about CoPromote:

Co-Founders Mike More and Chris Lee are part of the team that led Selectable Media to be the 9th largest online video property in the US.
400%​ Increase in​ LTV/CAC in 2014.
183​% network growth in 2014 (650,000+ network as of December 2014).
32% decrease in customer acquisition costs.
7% increase in customer lifetime value.
Key clients include UMG/, Live Nation, Sfxi and Lippman entertainment.

Presenting will be CoPromote CEO and co-founder Mike More and Lou Kerner from the Social Internet Fund. Mike and Lou will speak about the latest developments at the company and answer investor questions. Space is limited, so register today.

Dealflow offers a new way to find and track companies raising capital. If there’s a deal being marketed, we aim to know about it. Find out more at Dealflow.com.

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.  Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”).  Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice.  This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.  Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow.  Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials.  Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials.  Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials.  The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only.  The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer.  This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient.  If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow.  By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials.  Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
webcast@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com