Hi [First Name],

We’ve been hard at work building Dealflow.com into the largest channel for online capital formation across multiple asset classes.

There are now thousands of companies raising capital on Dealflow.com and over 9,000 investors who’ve asked to become members. Considering we’ve been running in stealth mode, we’re pretty excited!

We continue to see strong growth in the area of online capital raising through deal portals, email advertising, and other innovative programs. It’s clear that with all of the sources of actively-marketed deal activity out there, that there’s a big need for the aggregated data platform we’re building.

We continue to see strong growth in the area of online capital raising through deal portals, email advertising, and other innovative programs. It’s clear that with all of the sources of actively-marketed deal activity out there, that there’s a big need for the aggregated data platform we’re building.

Just last week, we won the top prize at Amazon.com’s AWS pitch event in New York City. Out of all the companies selected by Amazon to present, we were the #1 favorite. Amazon selected companies based on the complexity and creativity of applications being developed in their AWS cloud-hosting environment.

While our technology may be complex, our premise is not: Companies are increasingly going beyond their personal networks to raise capital. They’re using deal portals, social networks, and a variety of investment databases to find investors. We make this process easier by putting everything in one place.

Last year, we closed our Seed Round using our own platform. Now that we’re launching our Series A, this is your chance to own a piece of Dealflow.com. [In all likelihood, this will be the last time individual investors will have a chance to buy into the company.]

On September 24 at 2pm, I’m hosting a live webcast to discuss investing in Dealflow.com. If you’d like to join us, you can register at this link: http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-september-2015/

Best regards,
Steven


Steven Dresner
Founder
Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike PH3
Jericho, NY 11753
T (516) 876-8006
F (516) 876-8010
C (516) 353-0176
steven.dresner@dealflow.com

Visit [unsubscribe] to leave this mailing list.