To view an online version of this email, click here ( [weblink] ). 

Crowdfunding: It’s a start

Last week I watched the movie Unbroken, which recounts Louie Zamperini’s story of survival during World War II as he drifted at sea on a raft for 47 days after his bomber was shot down and was subsequently picked up by a Japanese destroyer and sent to a P.O.W. camp where he spent two years struggling to stay alive.

“Survival. Resilience. Redemption.” was the marketing slogan for the movie, meant to capture the spirit of Zamperini’s magnificent tale. The movie was excellent and the slogan struck a chord with me as I thought about the industry full of people (including myself) who’ve been eagerly awaiting the SEC’s crowdfunding rules, which were made public today after a three-year delay. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not comparing waiting for these rules to the trauma endured by Zamperini. But the syntax of that slogan certainly resonates.

Everyone in the industry thought the SEC’s rules would be promulgated much earlier as mandated by Congress and so the three-year delay left an industry of aspiring online deal-makers in survival mode. Those who’ve survived have shown a certain resiliency by amending business plans and continuing to raise capital in lieu of generating revenues. And now, as we sit on the precipice of equity crowdfunding which is expected to go live in the Spring of 2016, the industry is eagerly awaiting redemption.

Survival. Resilience. Redemption.

For us at Dealflow, the published SEC rules represent an inflection point that amplifies the message that online capital raising is very real – it provides further proof that capital markets are moving onto the Internet.

I’m going to take a week to digest the SEC’s rules to avoid any snap commentary on what they mean for market participants. However – and I can speak for Dealflow in this regard – we’re not pinning our hopes on crowdfunding, per se. We’re committed to the broader theme of raising capital online and we remain focused on institutional markets where greater dollars flow into deals and greater investor sophistication limits liability. Basically, our view on investment crowdfunding is to wait and see what happens.


With the official SEC rules going public later today, I’ve been contacted by a number of people who are curious about my view on equity crowdfunding, especially because I was first to publish a book on the subject. Specifically, I’ve been asked to address the growing consensus that investment crowdfunding will be “bad” for unsophisticated investors who participate in securities offerings of startup companies.

The basic counterpoint that I make to this contention is that crowdfunding shouldn’t be debated within the context of being some kind of new, risky asset class for unsophisticated investors. At this stage (which just to be clear, is the infant stage), crowdfunding should be viewed simply as a way to make private investments available to more people. Whether or not the broader public will invest in private placements of startup companies is missing the point of crowdfunding. And here’s why:

Most products and services can now be bought and sold online. This even includes securities like stocks which were once the domain of brokers who peddled their product on the telephone. Now, anyone can invest in stocks online, research those stocks online and make their own decisions as to whether or not to buy stocks online. Plenty of the securities that can be purchased through E-trade lack disclosure and are risky investments. But as products like stocks have moved online, consumers have been the beneficiaries of more choices, lower transaction costs, better product pricing, and generally more efficient markets.

This is no different than the way markets developed for travel through Expedia, radio through Pandora, or retail through Amazon. With the new SEC rules under the JOBS Act, first to allow general solicitation and now to allow crowdfunding, all that’s happening is you’re seeing a new way to purchase investments directly in companies seeking capital.

I would agree that for most people, investing in high-risk startups is a dicey proposition. But it can’t be disputed when you consider the 80-year old securities rules that these rules are still extremely outdated and didn’t contemplate the way securities are marketed in the modern age.

Crowdfunding is simply moving the process of making small private investments onto the Internet so that people can invest online if they choose to do so. Whether those investments remain in the domain of friends-and-family supporters or whether they become widely distributed and expose many people to great risk isn’t the point.

The point is that people should get to decide where they will invest, and what they will buy and sell. And they should have the opportunity to do it online just like they can in virtually any other market – provided of course, that there’s proper disclosure and compliance with the rules as they develop.

I’ve spent a good part of my morning today reading industry armchair quarterback-type commentary based on the soon-to-be-published rules and I’ll provide my thoughts after I’ve been able to actually read the rules and digest them. Based on my cursory understanding from the SEC's comments, I think most people will say that the SEC rules as they’ll be released will need refinement. But for now, what’s happening is a great first step and shouldn’t be painted with a broad brush that characterizes crowdfunding as either good or bad. It’s merely a start.

Steven Dresner
steven.dresner@dealflow.com                                                                                                                

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download the newsletter( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                         
 

Dealflow Webcast - Dealflow is hosting a 30-minute webcast on Tuesday November 17 at 2pm ET to launch Dealflow.com and show you how to use it to find your next deal, your next investor, or your next client. Register today at this link: http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-november-2015 (http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-november-2015 )

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Upcoming Eevents We’re Participating In

Dealflow presenting at Fintech Meetup in New York on Nov 4 - Jon Zanoff and his Empire Startups team host their monthly Fintech Meetup ( http://dealflow.com/analytics?e=[Email Address]&l=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meetup.com%2FNY-FinTech%2Fevents%2F225028785%2F&i=PPB10DFATA ) at the offices of Latham & Watkins on November 4 at 6:30 PM. We will be one of 5 companies presenting our technology and talking about the future of deal marketing on the Internet.

CfPA Annual Summit - The Crowdfunding Professional Association hosts its annual summit on December 2 in Washington, DC.  Steven Dresner, founder of Dealflow will be speaking at the event.  Congressman Patrick McHenry will be the keynote. Register today at this link: http://www.cfpa.org/2015-summit

Here's What's Happening in the World of Online Capital Formation

Regulation Crowdfunding Factsheet - As of the time we were preparing this blog, the SEC hadn’t released its final rules but here’s the official link ( https://www.sec.gov/news/pressrelease/2015-249.html ) to the SEC’s “Regulation Crowdfunding” Factsheet that includes the overview.

Mary Jo White’s Opening Comments on Crowdfunding - SEC Chair Mary Jo White ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/10/76543-sec-chair-mary-jo-white-opens-commission-meeting-on-crowdfunding/ ) opened the meeting on Title III crowdfunding and rules impacting intrastate crowdfunding with an explanatory statement on the agency’s rule making process.

Indiegogo will Pursue Equity Crowdfunding - In this ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/10/76540-indiegogo-preps-for-equity-crowdfunding-as-sec-reveals-title-iii-rules/ ) article on Crowdfund Insider, Slava Rubin, Indiegogo’s CEO, says they are exploring how equity crowdfunding may play a role in Indiegogo’s business model.

ING Partners with Seedrs - Seedrs announced ( http://learn.seedrs.com/ing-express-review/ ) that ING has selected Seedrs as its equity crowdfunding partner in Belgium and Luxembourg.

Reg A+ Marketplace deal - Manhattan Street Capital announced ( http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151029005259/en/Manhattan-Street-Capital-RegA-Online-Marketplace-Enters ) it has signed an agreement with North Capital Private Securities that provides for Manhattan Street principals to become registered with North Capital in order to assist in facilitating capital formation through Reg A+ transactions.

HR News - Kiran Lingam ( http://www.nelsonmullins.com/ ), formerly general counsel with SeedInvest has joined the law firm of Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough where he’s leading the firm’s fintech and alternative finance group.

TruMid Raises Capital - TruMid ( http://www.businessinsider.com/trumid-backed-by-peter-thiel-2015-10 ), a marketplace for corporate bond and CDS trading, raised $27 million in new venture capital. Trading on TruMid is focused on 10-minute periods called "swarms," with the idea being that having small windows of time to trade focuses liquidity.  Peter Thiel led the round, and was joined by Soros Fund Management and Shumway Capital.

Mattermark/Quire study on Crowdfunding - The results to the survey ( https://blog.quire.com/an-antidote-for-the-lack-of-diversity-in-tech-407ba43400eb#.6tfdann57 ) Mattermark/Quire did on crowdfunding were released. 97% of U.S. respondents said they would invest in startups if given the opportunity. However, 63% of respondents don’t qualify as accredited investors.


In This Week's Newsletter

During the reporting period Oct 19 to Oct 25, 2015, we tracked the announcement of 196 launched fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $2,089,161,119 in aggregate value.  Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings.



Download the newsletter( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                      




© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity. 



This email was sent to: [Email Address]                                                            
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                                                            
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                                                            
Tel (516) 876-8006                                                            
steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                                                            
http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                                                            

Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                                                            





