Dealflow.com is now live. Here’s your chance to get a guided tour.

To sign up visit http://dealflow.com/


Dealflow.com is now live. Here’s your chance to get a guided tour.

There are over 9,000 companies raising capital on Dealflow.com. 
Dealflow.com aggregates deals from sources all over the internet, and shows you opportunities based on your interests – for free.

Dealflow.com
Here’s our guarantee: You won’t find this anywhere else.

Online deal marketing has created a big change in how you can find companies raising capital. And now, for the first time ever, Dealflow.com offers you a comprehensive database of private placement transactions being pitched by companies raising capital.

When you sign up to become a free member, you get full access to the database, along with all the tools you need to find the latest deals in the market. Whether you’re actively investing or simply prospecting for new business, you won’t find this anywhere else. We guarantee it.

Become a Member
It's fast, easy, and free.

Browse “live” deals - We collect active deals from many sources. You get an easy way of sorting through those deals based on information we’ve gathered for you.

Filter deals that matter - We use a “signal” score to rank opportunities based on your own unique preferences. You can filter deals based on criteria which are customized for you.

Track and share deals - Whether you want to “save for later” or share an opportunity with a colleague, we make it easy to keep on top of deals that are important to you.

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”). Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials. Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

Click here to forward this mailing with your personal message. 

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}} 
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com 
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006 
steven.dresner@dealflow.com 
http://dealflow.com 

Click here to leave this mailing list. 