
To view an online version of this email, click here ( [weblink] ). 

Stop wondering why real estate "crowdfunding" and online lending are booming (Hint: It's the data)

The other day I got a phone call from a writer at the New York Times looking for data on the largest crowdfunding deals marketed online.  After I got through 5 minutes of legal mumbo-jumbo on how technically there is no equity crowdfunding because of the delay in SEC rules (c'mon, you know the explanation I'm talking about), I asked him about the story he was writing.

He said he was covering a company claiming to be launching the largest equity crowdfunding deal ever.  I was quick to ask what kind of real estate deal it was. Then I explained to him that it wasn't hard to figure out it's a real estate deal because for the most part, those are the "crowdfunding" deals having fairly widespread success online.  Note: Here I’m using “crowdfunding” like he understood crowdfunding, with complete disregard for the legal mumbo-jumbo.

As we've been building Dealflow.com, we've taken a lot of cues from the world of online real estate databases.  And a few months ago, I was lucky to meet Dennis DeAndre, who was the founder of LoopNet.  Dennis started LoopNet at a time when the World Wide Web was in its infancy. And he pioneered commercial real estate listings online.

In my discussions with Dennis, it became clear why real estate databases and companies like LoopNet had huge growth.  It had less to do with the number of market participants or other industry factors, and everything to do with the nature of data associated with real estate listings.

With real estate, there's a lot of structured and reliable data that accompanies deals. I call this “hard-data” because it lacks any ambiguity.  Lease terms, square footage, property type, etc., are some of the many hard-data points that someone can look at and quickly determine if a deal is of interest.

Operating companies (as opposed to real estate projects) don't have nearly as many of these hard-data points.  Most companies raising capital online are focused on technology ventures that require IP assessment, competitive analysis and subjective assumptions.  The data isn’t as conducive to quick investment analysis.

Similarly, when you consider the boom in marketplace finance, you've got the same hard-data attributes associated with lending.  FICO scores, past/present employment, credit history – these are all solid points of reference to help answer the question, "Is this an investment I'm interested in?"

I heard recently that Prosper.com is paying $25 for an investor lead and $350 for a borrower lead.  If that’s accurate – and based on my source I believe it is – then it’s clear that demand for online credit products far exceeds the supply.  Talk about a marketing problem!

The key to successful deal marketing – or marketing any products for that matter – comes down to the effective use of data. To be sure, real estate portals and online lenders are a positive leading indicator for where the online deal movement is heading.

We might have to guess as to what pockets of online deal activity will pique institutional interest like these sectors did. But there’s no need to guess that access to clear and reliable data will be the driving force behind it.

Steven Dresner
steven.dresner@dealflow.com




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Learn How You Can Invest In Dealflow.com

Companies are going beyond their personal networks to raise capital. They’re using deal portals, social networks, and a variety of investment databases to find investors. We make this process easier by putting everything in one place.
On September 24 at 2pm, we’re hosting a live webcast to discuss investing in Dealflow.com. If you’d like to join us, you can register at this link: http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-september-2015 ( http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-september-2015 )


News at Dealflow.com

Access to our Website - We’ve been making some big changes to Dealflow.com. We’ve concentrated on our data collection efforts and on building powerful tools to search for both deals and investors. In the meantime, you may have noticed the website is now in private beta as we gear up for release of the 2.0 software.  If you would like to apply to be a part of the private beta, contact us directly at (516) 876 8006.

Catch us at Finovate NYC - Next week on Wednesday September 16, at 3:30PM, we’ll be doing a public demo of our software at Finovate ( http://fall2015.finovate.com ) in New York City. We’re thrilled to be selected to present.  Check us out there or give us a call and we can set up a private demo.

Latest Software Release -  As many of our private beta users know, we release new code about every two weeks. On Tuesday we pushed some new live code that included a number of feature enhancements on People Profiles, Messaging, and Filtering.  Again, if you’d like to get a demo, just give us a call or email.


Industry News

The Rise of Flight.vc - Lou Kerner writes about the largest group of syndicates on AngelList being run by Gil Penchina under the brand “Flight.vc.” Lou, who is a partner at Flight.vc, provides some historical context using investment data from the 23 syndicates managed by Flight.vc and provides an informed view of the future including the prediction that AngelList will emerge as the largest VC in the world in terms of number of companies backed and total dollars raised. You can check out his blog post here ( https://medium.com/@loukerner/the-rise-of-flight-vc-cce8fe939f5c ).

MicroVentures Launches $7.5M offering Using 506(c) - In an SEC Form D filing dated September 2 ( http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1626340/000162634015000001/xslFormDX01/primary_doc.xml ), MicroVentures announced plans to raise $7.5M with a $100,000 minimum commitment.

Is there Really Demand for Crowdfunding?  (Take this Survey) - Quire and Mattermark launched the “2015 Startup Investing Survey” to gauge demand for implementation of Title III in the JOBS Act. Congress set a deadline for the SEC to implement Title III crowdfunding rules nearly 3 years ago.  You can take the survey here ( https://quire.com/survey ).

Standardizing Online Investment Documentation - Doug Ellenoff-backed iDisclose launched a new product that addresses cost issues surrounding offering disclosure documents when used in conjunction with online capital raises and general solicitation. You can get a demo by going to their website ( http://www.idisclose.com ) or by contacting Georgia Quinn, CEO.

CircleUp Introduces a Way to Sell Shares Faster - Ryan Calbeck emailed an announcement this week that they’re launching CircleUp Rights+, which provides a marketplace to sell shares as soon as one year after investing. The program also includes certain information rights for investors who participate in eligible offerings.  More info can be found on their website ( https://circleup.com/rights-plus ). Finance Magnates also picked up this story, “CircleUp Introduces Secondary Market to Create Liquidity for Private Shares." ( http://www.financemagnates.com/fintech/crowdfunding/circleup-introduces-secondary-market-to-create-liquidity-for-private-shares )

Risk Modeling Tool for Online Lenders and Real Estate - Crowd Valley and Radley Associates announced property risk modeling tools ( http://crowdvalley.com/product.html ) for both lenders and direct investors through the Crowd Valley Digital Back Office.

Money Just Keeps Rolling in for Lending Platforms - CommonBond ( http://www.commonbond.co ), a marketplace lending platform for student loans, raised $35 million in Series B funding. August Capital led the round, and was joined by NYCA Partners.

States Continue to Attack Reg A+ - According to this article in Crowdfund Insider ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/08/73597-massachusetts-montana-continue-assault-on-sec-regulation-a ), Massachusetts and Montana re-engaged their attack on Reg A+ with vigor last week. 

Canadian-based NexusCrowd Launches - REMI Network covered a story ( https://www.reminetwork.com/articles/nexuscrowd-unveils-online-investment-platform ) about NexusCrowd which claims to have launched the first investment platform in Canada that provides accredited investors with access to co-invest alongside institutional investors.


In this Week's Newsletter

During the reporting period Aug 31 to Sep 6, 2015, we tracked the announcement of 226 launched fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $3,636,969,097 in aggregate value.  Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings.



( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                        




© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                            
 This email was sent to: [Email Address]                                                            
 This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                                                            
 131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                                                            
 Tel (516) 876-8006                                                            
                                                            steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                                                            
                                                             http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                                                            
                                                            
 Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                                                            
                                                            
                                                        

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

                        