To view this email online visit [weblink]              

[First Name],

For the past two years I’ve been building an online deal platform that offers a new way to find and pitch investment opportunities. With thousands of deals listed on the website and over 9,000 people registered I think we’re well on our way.

It's clear that the move toward online capital formation is very real. Companies are borrowing online, raising equity online, and increasingly pitching their transactions on deal portals, social networks, and through email. If you’re not paying attention to this trend, you’ll be left behind.

I’m hosting a 30-minute webcast on Tuesday November 17 at 2pm ET to launch Dealflow.com and show you how to use it to find your next deal, your next investor, or your next client. I hope you’ll join me as we show you the future of deal marketing.

You can register at this link: http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-november-2015

As always, call or email me if you’ve got questions.

Best regards,
Steven

Steven Dresner
Founder
Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike PH3
Jericho, NY 11753
T (516) 876-8006
F (516) 876-8010
steven.dresner@dealflow.co

Tuesday, November 17                                            
Time: 2 PM ET/11 AM PT                                            
Duration: 30 minutes                                        

Reserve my Spot ( http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-november-2015/ )                                          

Our Coverage Universe
---------------------
We compile information on companies engaged in actively-marketed fundraises and are not deemed to be a startup or angel-stage investment. Our data operations team scours the Internet, combs through social networks and regulatory filings, and taps into the deal communities we serve. If there’s a deal being marketed that falls in our research scope, we aim to know about it so our clients know about it.                                        

Join me on Tuesday, November 17 to learn more about us and this investment opportunity.

Reserve my Spot ( http://marketing.dealflow.com/dealflow-webcast-november-2015/ )                                          


© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity


This email was sent to: [Email Address]                    
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                    
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                    
Tel (516) 876-8006                    
steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                    
http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                    

Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                    