Webcast: Brixco
December 18th 2014 2pm (ET)
Registration Link: http://brixco.dealflow.com

Dealflow.com invites you to an exclusive webcast for CoPromote

{{{first_name}}},

Dealflow offers a new way to find and track companies raising capital. If there’s a deal being marketed, we want you to know about it. Find out more at Dealflow.com.

Brixco is offering Convertible Preferred Shares to expand its Brix and Grane brands into fifteen new locations, two first-to-market concepts that recreate the consumers’ experience of wine and spirits retailing.

Two Brix and one Grane location have been placed in operation in Omaha, Nebraska. With revenues currently exceeding $6 million, Brix has built a platform to expand its innovative concepts into fifteen new locations in larger, upscale, urban markets throughout the US.

Dealflow is hosting a private webcast for Brixco on Thursday, December 18th at 2:00pm (ET)

Brixco is in the early stages of creating two distinct, high-potential chains that capitalize on the four strongest growth trends in the alcoholic beverage category: premium wines, craft beers, premium whiskeys, and craft cocktails.

Brix combines three complimentary businesses under one roof – a wine, beer, and spirits retail store with a bistro and event center. Grane caters to the growing affinity for whiskeys and craft cocktails with the modern, small-portion whiskey dispensing/sampling technology, the first-of-its-kind in the United States. Overall growth in US premium whiskey consumption has grown by 75% since 2002, and 18% in the last three years.

Presenting on this webcast will be Brixco Founder and CEO Dan Matuszek and Chief Financial Officer Pat Kelley. Dan and Pat will discuss the latest developments at the company and answer investor questions.

For more information about the offering please visit http://www.icrowd.com/offering/brixco.

© 2014 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.  Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”).  Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice.  This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.  Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow.  Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials.  Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials.  Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials.  The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only.  The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer.  This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient.  If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow.  By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials.  Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflowmail.com
http://dealflow.com