{{{first_name}}},

We're making big changes to Dealflow.com and we continue to make improvements based on feedback from our community of users. When we launched our beta website in late 2014, we were tracking about 5,000 actively marketed deals. Today, that number has doubled. Based on the number of people who have already claimed their profiles, we are confident that there's a big need for what we're building.

In parallel with our technical development, we continue to evolve our data collection efforts. We've improved our efficiency and scope. We're now collecting over 50 different data points on companies, deals, and people. We're streamlining how we store and present data, and we're working on powerful search tools - helping our users express precisely what they want, far beyond basic sector and deal-type preferences.

There is a lot we have in progress, and even more in the pipeline. In order to deliver the experience we know the marketplace needs, we have entered a private beta period. We are now approving access to Dealflow.com on a case-by-case basis. The private beta gives us the flexibility of introducing experimental and fairly raw features, while still gathering user input and feedback.

Because of your relationship with us, we have PRE-APPROVED your continued access to the website using the email address that I'm sending this message to. The change in our beta program will not impact your ability to use the product. You will still be able to log into Dealflow.com and use the software as we continue working towards making the product generally available.

During this private beta period, we're looking for as much active feedback as possible. Please call or email us with questions, comments, and ideas. As we move closer to opening up the product, we'll email you announcements and updates, so you'll be the first to know when there are important changes.

From the whole team here at Dealflow.com, thanks for your support!

Best, 
Steven


Steven Dresner 
Founder 
Dealflow.com 
131 Jericho Turnpike PH3 
Jericho, NY 11753 
T (516) 876-8006 
F (516) 876-8010 
C (516) 353-0176 
steven@dealflow.com 

Dealflow.com is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and does not provide any investment, financial or legal advice. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.