Hi {{{first_name}}},

I’m the President and co-founder of Dealflow.com. I frequently look through our signups and reach out to people who may be interested in learning more about, and potentially investing in, Dealflow.com. We used the proceeds from our seed round to deploy our website and build our infrastructure and we are now launching our Series A.

Since you have already been to Dealflow.com I'll assume you know a bit about what we are doing. But to be clear we are not a deal portal or a crowdfunding business, we are an aggregated database of deals + companies + investors that's much larger than any other deals database covering the private markets. We’re building a marketplace similar to what's happening successfully in the credit space, but for the equity markets.

By combining proactive data gathering with user-contributed data we can allow members like yourself to make connections to identify the specific issuers, investors, companies and people that are relevant to the deals they are looking for, or working on.

So far we have built our 1.0 software which you can see online. Our 2.0 will contain many more features, will include much more information (including company data and people data) and the ability to send messages to other users. Also, our search will be exponentially more powerful. In short the site will have more data, functionality and be much more engaging.

If this is something that you might have interest in, just let me know and I can send you our deck, set up a phone call, or whatever works best for you.

Best regards, 
Michael


Michael Bertisch 
President and Co-founder 
Dealflow.com 
131 Jericho Turnpike PH3 
Jericho, NY 11753 
T (516) 876-8006 
F (516) 876-8010  
mbertisch@dealflow.com 


----

Dealflow.com is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and does not provide any investment, financial or legal advice. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.
