The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

September 3, 2014

This issue includes:

Travel Startups Set Sail for New Territories
Startups continue to find new niches and opportunities in a vibrant global market for tourism, travel and adventure.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent monthly reporting period, which covers August 1 to August 31. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every month.

Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: BomBoard Webcast, Disrupt SF 2014, Broadmark Capital Webcast, Startupalooza, Investor Feedback Forum, Startup Weekend Little Rock.

New Deals
During the reporting period August 1 to August 31, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 944 new fundraisings structured to raise $5 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 

Advertised Deals
During the reporting period August 1 to August 30, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 59 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $1.26 billion in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.

944 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

345 Lenox Road - Bokhour Developers
37coins
Akumina
Blue Horizon Innovations
Cloud 9
Congo
DemoChimp
Drinkable Air
ECmanaged
EmboMedics
EquityHealth
FormaFina
GeoToll
Glenn Texas Oil
GrubMarket
Initial State
Kairos
LetterForms
NVBOTS
ONVOLO
Oru Kayak
Palmaz Scientific
PawnGuru
Poached Jobs
pinnum
Pyatt Broadmark Real Estate Lending Fund I
Three Property Rehab, California - 1122 Investments LLC
TITIN Tech
Verdigris Technologies
World Class Driving

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 