Webcast: ScreenPay

Registration Link:
http://screenpay.dealflow.com

{{{first_name}}}, 

ScreenPay is a mobile app for Android phones that pays users a flat fee per month to rent the lock screen of their phone. Users are paid to get promotions and deals based on their personal interests and lifestyle, right on their lockscreen. The technology is patent pending and is designed to serve ads to users in real-time.

ScreenPay is raising $1.5 million at a $2 million pre-money valuation to expand its business and form new advertising partnerships.

Dealflow is hosting a private webcast for ScreenPay tomorrow at 2pm (ET)

Some key facts about ScreenPay:

100% of users have opted in to receive ads and content.
IAB Standard 300 x 250 ad unit.
Developed on Android Jelly Bean.
Serving over 700,000+ impressions a day.


Dealflow offers a new way to find and track companies raising capital. If there’s a deal being marketed, we aim to know about it. Find out more at Dealflow.com.

Presenting will be Brian Nash. Brian is the founder and CEO of Screenpay. He is a business development executive with over 20+ years of experience creating new revenue for media, content and technology companies. Brian will speak about the latest developments at the company and answer investor questions. Space is limited, so register today.

Join us tomorrow at 2pm (ET) to learn more about ScreenPay.

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”). Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. By registering for this webcast, you agree that your registration information may be shared with the sponsor of this webcast and the presenting companies. Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials. Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
webcast@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com