To view an online version of this email, click here ( [weblink] ).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Click here for Free Beer

When I attended college at George Washington University in the early 1990’s I had long curly hair, practiced guitar religiously, and spent a lot of time playing in a mediocre rock band.  When our band was failing to deliver an audience for the bar we gigged at, we tried everything to put the word out and generate interest.

We hung flyers all over campus.  We changed the color of the flyers.  We tried psychedelic graphics.  And when the flyers were pulled down by campus security, we put them right back up.

We were relentless but still, nothing worked. Week after week our fan base dwindled until we found ourselves playing to our roommates and the bar regulars.

Then one day I had the bright idea to change the name of our band to “Free Beer.” My thinking was that there’s nothing more appealing than free beer to college students.  And to be fair, “Free Beer tonight at 10 PM” written on band flyers would actually be true if our name was Free Beer.

Well it shouldn’t come as much of a surprise that we packed the bar at our first gig with the new name. It also shouldn’t come as a surprise that it was the last gig we ever played.

In retrospect, this was an incredibly flawed marketing plan which resulted in a bunch of disgruntled college kids demanding their $5 cover back.

I was reminded of the perils of false – or can I say, faulty – advertising during this week’s regular marketing meeting at Dealflow.  One of our biz dev people was giving me feedback she received from clients of a popular deal website. The feedback included several companies who were advised by the website to embellish their financial performance in order to generate more investor interest. Feedback coming from investors using that website was also predictably less than stellar.

After getting this bit of feedback, I started paying closer attention to the wordsmithing in emails from websites pitching startup investments.  What I found – while maybe not complete fabrication – does call into question the integrity of the information (and the information provider too).  Specifically, I found financial estimates that weren’t couched as proforma but were stated more like facts with a lot of murkiness on prior year, current year, and future year revenues/profits. Again, not fabrication, but not really straightforward either.

Then I started wondering what’s up with some of the details on deal profiles that convey how much “investment” went into a company during the past week.  Is that really investment?  Or is that a non-binding commitment to make an investment?

Seems to me there’s a pretty big difference.  And for a research group like ours, it drives us nuts. Do we report an investment? Or do we report a loose promise to make an investment?

The same standards of straightforwardness should hold true not just for deal-specific marketing, but for marketing online deal platforms themselves.  If you’re a private placement banker working with companies to issue securities in reliance on 80 year old securities rules, please don’t advertise yourselves as helping companies raise money using “crowdfunding.”  It’s not semantics.  It’s an important distinction because you aren’t conducting non-accredited crowdfunding.

To be sure, there’s lots of room for improvement in our nascent area of the capital markets.  But in general, I find that people who preach integrity are those who have very little of it so I tend to tread lightly when being critical. Really, I’m just interested in accurate information.

With this in mind, please, the next time you consider marketing “free beer” in my direction, make sure you actually have some for me when I show up.

Steven Dresner
steven.dresner@dealflow.com                                                        


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download the latest newsletter ( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                        


Dealflow.com at Finovate 2015 - At our latest presentation in New York, we demonstrated the power of Dealflow to over 1,000 attendees ( http://finovate.com/videos/finovatefall-2015-dealflow/ ) interested in the latest fintech products. If you want a 5 minute primer on Dealflow.com, this is it.

Our next event appearance: - Dealflow.com will be presenting at “Venture Vision” on Wednesday, October 21 at the law firm of Duane Morris in New York.  For information on this program, see Duane Morris’ website ( http://www.duanemorris.com ).


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Industry News

New Regulation A+ Portal Launch - FundPaaS, a startup targeting broker/dealers ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/09/75091-regulation-a-plus-portal-service-launched-by-fundpaas/ ) with what it calls a “platform as a service,” says it already has 10 implementations with 30 more in the pipeline.

Patch of Land Says it’s returned $10M to Investors  - Crowdfund Insider reports ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/09/74867-patch-of-land-returns-10m-to-investors-in-less-than-two-years/ ) that Patch of Land, which has focused on short-term residential rehab loans, has returned $10 million in both principal and interest to investors in less than two years.

Prosper aquires BillGuard -  One of the largest P2P lenders, Prosper Marketplace, bought BillGuard ( http://www.financemagnates.com/fintech/p2p/with-lead-generation-and-more-in-mind-prosper-marketplace-buys-billguard/ ) which provides its users with a solution for tracking their bank account transactions and credit/debit card expenses. The motivation behind the deal?  Lead generation.

Revving up Reg A+ Offerings? - Over 30 companies have recently disclosed plans for initial stock offerings under the new Reg A+ rules ( http://pipeline.thedeal.com/tdd/ViewArticle.dl?id=13306300 ). The impact of the new rule which took effect on June 19 has been modest, and it might take a while before we can evaluate the effectiveness of Reg A+, according to Anna Pinedo of Morrison Foerster in this article by Joanna Glasner of The Deal.

Microventures Raises More Cash - On September 29, Texas-based Microventures ( http://www.microventures.com ) which was founded in 2009 and considers itself a crowdfunded investment bank, raised $1M for itself.

New Features at Crowdfunder - Crowdfunder ( http://www.crowdfunder.com ) announced new features on its website including following and messaging.

Online Lending has the Fed Worried - As startups continue to partner with banks to originate billions of dollars’ worth of consumer loans, the Fed’s concern grows. Online lending has the potential to be disruptive and very large ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-fed-is-worried-startups-could-distort-the-lending-market-2015-9 ), according to St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard.

Event: Social Media, Broker-dealers & Investment Advisors - On October 7, law firm K&L Gates is hosting a webinar titled, “How Social Media Has Impacted Broker-dealers and Investment Advisors.” They’ll cover a range of legal and regulatory topics related to the intersection of social media, law, and business. You can register here: http://www.klgates.com/how-social-media-has-impacted-broker-dealers-and-investment-advisers-09-16-2015/ ( http://www.klgates.com/how-social-media-has-impacted-broker-dealers-and-investment-advisers-09-16-2015/ )


In this Week's Newsletter

During the reporting period Sep 21 to Sep 27, 2015, we tracked the announcement of 170 launched fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $1,574,817,945 in aggregate value.  Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings.


Download the latest newsletter ( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                         


© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity. 



This email was sent to: [Email Address]                                                            
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                                                            
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                                                            
Tel (516) 876-8006                                                            
steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                                                            
http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                                                            

Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                                                            





