The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

June 11, 2014

This issue includes:

Electric Transport Takes to the Sea, Sky
As numerous factors attract buyers to the electric vehicle market, electric cars are being joined other electric transport vehicles ranging from trucks to motorcycles to boats.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent two-week reporting period, which covers May 24 to June 6. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every other week.


Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: TechCrunch Seattle Meetup, The New York Venture Summit, Good Pitch New York 2014, SVP Fast Pitch Jumpstart Workshop, London Startup Pitch Night …


Launched Deals
During the reporting period May 24 to June 6, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 563 new fundraisings structured to raise $3.29 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 

Advertised Deals
During the reporting period May 10 to May 23, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 42 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $575.7 million in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.


563 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

Atlas Wearables
aWhere Inc.
Bookalokal
Brainstorm Health Services
CalendarTree
Change My Path
Clean Energy Advisors
Creative Destruction Lab
CrowdFlik
Curriculet
DesignCrowd
Flux Drive
Home Town Farms
Instamour
Leap.it
LifeCellar
Life Foods
MM Partners Loft Project Fairmount
Odyssey Airlines
OndaVia
Shopography
ShoppinPal
SixthContinent Limited
StickNFind
Tinfoil Security
UNYQ
Virtual Health
Visure Solutions
Vonjour
WHOM

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 