The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

August 6, 2014

This issue includes:

Machine Learning, Big Data Poised for Growth
Corporations are gearing up to acquire powerful big data analytics capabilities, and startups join established providers in meeting the increasing demand.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent monthly reporting period, which covers July 1 to July 31. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every month.

Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: Summer NYC VC & Angel Conference, Startup Weekend - Triangle Health, NJ Tech Meetup , Ultra Light Startups, Startup Weekend Breckenridge.

Launched Deals
During the reporting period July 1 to July 31, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 1230 new fundraisings structured to raise $6.63 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 



Advertised Deals
During the reporting period June 1 to June 30, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 69 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $472 million in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.

1230 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

500 Startups
1124 Linden
Accupal
Automated Control Technology Partners
Blacksheep MILSIM
BomBoard
Callida Energy
CitiesPlanet
Convertix
CrowdSmart
DeepFlight
ePower Engine Systems
Emrgy
HomeZada
House Actually
Identity Checkpoint
IssuWorks
Just Above Cost
Lifetime Oil
Motoroso
NOMAD
Octane Lending
OfferSavvy
Powwow
Privy
Ulula
Mission XC LLC - Xebec Realty Partners
Zephyrus Biosciences

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 