Webcast: Mesh
December 9th 2014 2pm (ET)
Registration Link: http://mesh.dealflow.com

Dealflow.com invites you to an exclusive webcast for CoPromote

{{{first_name}}},

Mesh is an enterprise platform for the Internet of Things. The platform consists of a proprietary application layer running on a low-cost, low-power chip the size of your fingernail with advanced networking capabilities. Mesh runs multiple applications simultaneously and like a smart phone, you can add, delete, or update any application independently over-the-air, without disrupting other running applications in the process.

Mesh is currently raising $2 million in an equity round, to continue developing their technology and to move forward with initial pilot contracts.

Dealflow is hosting a private webcast for Mesh on Tuesday, December 9th at 2:00pm (ET)

Some key facts about Mesh:

Mesh’s platform addresses issues like security and flexibility that stand in the way of Enterprise and Industrial customers adopting IoT technologies.
Mesh’s proprietary application layer enables developers to easily create IoT applications.
Mesh’s platform is easy to integrate with third-party hardware and software.
The platform is hardware agnostic, allowing it to be ported to any chip type on the market meeting minimum specifications.
Initial market opportunities include correctional facilities to increase tracking capabilities for correctional officers and prisoners and a solution to increase parking efficiencies in existing garages.

Presenting on this webcast will be Mesh CEO and founder Jory Schwach along with COO Ari Nielsen. Jory and Ari will discuss the latest developments at the company and answer investor questions.

Dealflow offers a new way to find and track companies raising capital. If there’s a deal being marketed, we want you to know about it. Find out more at Dealflow.com.

© 2014 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved.  Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”).  Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice.  This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.  Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow.  Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials.  Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials.  Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials.  The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only.  The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer.  This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient.  If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow.  By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials.  Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
webcast@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com