The Latest Dealflow.com White Paper has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

August 18, 2014

Online Deal Marketing Outlook for Q3 2014:
Private Company Capital Raising Still Dominated by Rule 506(b); Real Estate Portals Growing in Popularity

Private companies continue to tap the private placement market for capital, most often relying on the tried and true Rule 506(b) offering. While general solicitation is slowly becoming an option, online funding portals are hosting a significant amount of dealflow. Real estate portals in particular are picking up speed, and dozens of them are evolving to comprise what is currently a small slice of the U.S. real estate market. Real estate investors are catching on to the value of these portals and their potential for allowing access to direct real estate investments across the nation.

An excerpt introducing our latest findings:

Dealflow.com has been tracking launched, ongoing capital raises by private operating companies, and this white paper breaks down the universe of active fundraisings we saw in regulatory filings, online funding portals, and other sources including company websites and reports in the media in the second quarter of this year. Our data encompasses 3,579 active financings seeking to raise $24.1 billion.

Dealflow.com focuses on active, launched deals, and we do not include closed deals such as those disclosed in a regulatory filing indicating that an entire offering has been sold. Likewise, we do not track financings consisting of indeterminate amounts.

The preponderance of financings in terms of both transactions and aggregate dollars continues to flow from traditional Rule 506(b) private placements. However, portals and other social media outlets are accounting for an increasing portion of both deals and dollars. Filings for Rule 506(c) offerings that allow for general solicitation and advertising accounted for less than 10% as many offerings as Rule 506(b) offerings. There were over 2,300 Rule 506(b) filings and 224 Rule 506(c) filings in the recent quarter. Yet many market players say they will consider general solicitation campaigns when the SEC completes some proposed regulations for Rule 506(c) offerings …


Download to continue reading - http://dealflow.com/newsletter.

----

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com