The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

May 14, 2014

This issue includes:

Real Startups Taking a Hard Look at Virtual Currencies
While security issues persist, digital currencies like Bitcoin are attracting startups looking to take market share from traditional money transfer facilitators.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent two-week reporting period, which covers May 10 to May 23. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every other week.

Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: SF Maker Startup Weekend, TechCrunch Austin Meetup, TechCrunch Seattle Meetup, The New York Venture Summit, Good Pitch New York 2014 …

Launched Deals
During the reporting period May 10 to May 23, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 536 new fundraisings structured to raise $3.58 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 



Advertised Deals
During the reporting period May 10 to May 23, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 31 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $301.8 million in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.

536 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

3Scan
BlueCollarContracts
Cambrian Genomics
Chiching
Choozer
Coversant Inc.
Datacoup
DRESS FOR THE DAY
FreeATM
Greenvolved
Groundbreaker
iGenapps
Isentio
Kenguru
Kricket
Liquorbox
ListenLoop
Marvel
Mile High Organics
Mineralist
MphRx
NIN Ventures
Parks REI
Perkla
Pennsylvania Ave. Redevelopment
Polkast
Ponderosa Winery
ProBrass
Rant Media Network
Split
Tagboard
Toplist
Vizalytics Technology
Ziggedy

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: %%emailaddr%%
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 