The Latest Dealflow.com Venture Capital Newsletter has been released. To download your copy visit http://dealflow.com/newsletter

July 9, 2014

This issue includes:

3D Printing Takes on New Dimensions
Interest in 3D printing continues to build, and the technology is poised for double digit growth as users print out three-dimensional versions of designs ranging from trinkets to human DNA sequences.

Venture Capital Dealflow
In this issue we track deals from the most recent two-week reporting period, which covers June 1 to June 30. A reminder about the reporting period: It corresponds to the publication schedule of the newsletter, which takes place every month.

Events this Period
A listing of demo days, angel group meetings, business plan competitions, and presenting company opportunities focused on raising capital. The section includes the following events: SXSW V2Venture, Medical Imaging Corp. Webcast, Global Real Estate Crowdfunding Conference III, NJ Tech Meetup, July Startupalooza.

Launched Deals
During the reporting period June 1 to June 30, 2014, We tracked the announcement of 1129 new fundraisings structured to raise $6.82 billion in aggregate value. Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings. 



Advertised Deals
During the reporting period June 1 to June 30, 2014, we tracked the announcement of 76 advertised fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $1.08 billion in aggregate value. These fundraisings have been reported as Regulation D Rule 506(c) offerings filed on Form D.

1129 Private Companies Raising Capital Including:

Applied Cavitation
Appoet
Augary
Bionure
Boastify
Book&Table
Brewbot
Brixco
Cadence Retail Income Fund
Cadillac Bar & Grill
Cerberus Co.
Coffee.
Craft3
Crowdfunder
Dancing Bears Inn & Suites
Embolx
HeatGenie
Ijenti
iM5
LeadGenius
MentAd
MetaVi Labs
Mountain Riders Alliance
Neon Mobile
OpiaTalk
Orb Health
Penumbra Inc.
Regenedyne
SEKRIS Biomedical
TaxCloud
Urbful
Yardarm Technologies

All rights reserved. © 2014 Dealflow.com. Copying, distributing electronically by email, or duplicating this publication in any manner other than one permitted by agreement with Dealflow.com is prohibited.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
Visit {{{unsubscribe}}} to leave this mailing list.
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 