Webinar: Bitcoin
January 29th 2014 2pm (ET)

Registration Link: http://bitcoin.dealflow.com

Dealflow is hosting a webinar for Bitcoin investors on Thursday, January 29 at 2pm (ET)

Bitcoin, the digital currency that promises to fundamentally transform the way value is perceived and transacted, has taken the startup world by storm.

Bitcoin-related startups attracted more than $335 million in venture investment in 2014, up a whopping 249% from 2013. Companies in this space are working on everything from revolutionary new payment systems to social web tipping and smart contracts that may radically streamline transactions.

This webcast will include 8 Bitcoin companies who are presently raising capital. Each company has 10 minutes to present their business (including Q&A). The final presenting company schedule will be distributed upon registration for this webcast.

Companies include Bitcoin decentralized exchange portals, peer to peer Bitcoin lending portals, Bitcoin online marketplaces, and more.

Register today and find out what these companies are planning and their opportunities for investment.

This is one of the most dynamic sectors we follow at Dealflow.com. In an exclusive webcast for accredited investors, Dealflow.com is featuring a number of Bitcoin companies currently raising capital. You must be an accredited investor to view this webcast and receive the list of presenting companies.

Note: Due to the license we have for broadcasting this program, there is a 500 person limit on the number of attendees.

Dealflow is hosting a webinar for Bitcoin investors TOMORROW, January 29 at 2pm (ET)

Registration Link: http://bitcoin.dealflow.com

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is a third-party service provider for the company described herein (the “Issuer”). Dealflow is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. This communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. By registering for this webcast, you agree that your registration information may be shared with the sponsor of this webcast and the presenting companies. Nothing in this correspondence or the presentation (together with all other information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer, “Materials”) constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of the Issuer or the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials, or for the value or suitability of any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions set forth in the Materials. Dealflow has no obligation to update or revise the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of the Materials. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. The Materials may not be reproduced, modified, or redistributed without the prior written consent of Dealflow or with respect to the intellectual property of the Issuer, the Issuer. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, confirm that you are authorized to receive this email, and agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult your financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in any opportunity.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
team@dealflowmail.com
http://dealflow.com