Dealflow.com's Latest White Paper: 

Download Today:
http://dealflow.com/newsletter

Everything you need to know about opportunities being pitched online.

Dealflow.com's new whitepaper provides a breakdown of Q3 private company financing data and addresses the key issues affecting online deal marketing going forward.

Five Trends That Are Changing Venture Capital

Chief among regulatory issues is a proposal from a Securities and Exchange Commission committee to toss accredited investor financial thresholds -- the proposal suggests several non-financial tests of investing sophistication. Meanwhile, the Commodity and Futures Trading Commission has gotten on board with the SEC's Rule 506(c), allowing more funds to use general solicitation. Investors continue to await the SEC's decision on several issues pertaining to the Rule 506(c) filing.

Startups are naturally eager to attract investors, but it's possible to develop a shareholder base that's too big, requiring costly financial reporting to the SEC. Growing companies have options when they reach that point, including listing on a retooled OTCMarkets platform.

Online real estate investing continues to increase in dealflow. While online real estate advertising is as old as the Internet, only recently did it become possible for deal marketers to meet online and effect a transaction without going through a physical escrow process. Online deals give investors a way to avoid the stock market fluctuations that can push around the values of real estate mutual funds, REITs and ETFs.

General Solicitation Trends

Sector Breakdown	
While information technology generated the most deals overall, the largest portion of Rule 506(c) offerings in the quarter came from issuers in the financials sector.

Look to the future with Dealflow.com's latest whitepaper. Would you like to become an accredited investor by taking a test rather than exceeding a financial threshold? Would your company like to advertise to investors via mobile or through broadcast media? How about investing in a geographically diverse portfolio of real estate investments without leaving your office?

These are a few of the changing realities that could make new classes of investors available to capital raisers, even as new opportunities open up to investors that were once forbidden to participate in venture investing.

This email was sent to: {{{email_address}}}
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753 
Tel (516) 876-8006
todd@dealflow.com
http://dealflow.com 
