To view an online version of this email, click here ( [weblink] ).                                   

If you want Crowdfunding to Succeed, Start by De-coupling ‘Finance’ from ‘Fin-tech’

Like many people surrounding the equity crowdfunding phenomenon in its early days of 2012, I was extraordinarily excited about the possibilities of opening up private financing opportunities to the masses.  So excited, in fact, that I committed myself to covering this area in my sixth book project, “Crowdfunding: A Guide to Raising Capital on the Internet” (Wiley/Bloomberg Press).

Putting together any kind of book, even a collaborative one, takes a tremendous amount of time so making this commitment was a pretty big deal for me that meant I’d be working Saturdays for another year.

Fast forwarding not one year, but two, the book was finally published with very little fanfare in 2014. Why the lack of enthusiasm?  The first reason was that the SEC hadn’t (and of course still hasn’t) made up the rules for how crowdfunding would actually work. So my book contributors and I just waited and waited until we decided to do the best we could with the limited regulatory clarity we had at the time. Basically it’s hard to get excited about a book on equity crowdfunding without knowing how you could actually do equity crowdfunding legally.

But a more significant reason for the flaccid book launch was that by 2014 there was already a flood of crowdfunding content available for free on the Internet.  It seemed like overnight, every small-time deal finder and stock promoter became a self-proclaimed crowdfunding guru determined to drown any demand for my $70 book.

I swear I’m not bitter. Really, I’m not.  Aside from the fact that those crowdfunding books proved valuable by propping up every computer monitor in Dealflow’s office, I learned an important lesson -- you can’t fight the powers that be. You need to work with them.

Regulation is a fact of life in the financial industry.  Finance is one of a handful of industries that are heavily regulated by the U.S. government. Yet historically, the most stunning tech advancements have been made in areas that in the past weren’t heavily regulated. Areas like software and the Internet.

If crowdfunding is going to work in any kind of meaningful way (and by meaningful, I mean that it’ll work for companies raising capital, not just their guru advisors), then the folks who pivoted into online Reg D deal marketing should pay close attention to the regulations that govern our industry.  It feels to me like there will be some incredible opportunities here – but only if disruption moves as fast as regulators are comfortable.

Novel deal marketing concepts using email, creative website platforms for brokering, mobile apps to source deals, etcetera, aren’t going to do anyone much good if regulators view these efforts as some kind of end-around their rules.  This doesn’t apply only to crowdfunding, but also to online lending, retail hedge fund platforms, and really any area of fintech that’s using technology to address finance-related market opportunities.

Look at what’s happened in just the last week: Hillary Clinton is pushing for regulatory oversight on shadow banking, New York’s attorney general is hammering insider trading in fantasy sports, and the St. Louis Fed is concerned about online lending. Are these finance issues or tech issues?

With every passing week and news story, I find myself increasingly focused on the “fin” in “fin-tech” and trying to be strategic about challenging the status quo.  And above all else, reminding myself that technology is the enabler, not the end game.

Steven Dresner
steven.dresner@dealflow.com                                                        


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Download the newsletter( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                             


( http://dealflow.com/analytics?e=[Email Address]&l=http%3A%2F%2Ffinovate.com%2Fvideos%2Ffinovatefall-2015-dealflow%2F&i=PPB6DFATA )

Dealflow.com at Finovate 2015 - At our latest presentation in New York ( http://finovate.com/videos/finovatefall-2015-dealflow/ ), we demonstrated the power of Dealflow to over 1,000 attendees interested in the latest fintech products. If you want a 5 minute primer on Dealflow.com, this is it.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Upcoming Events

Dealflow presenting at Venture Vision in New York on Oct 21 - We will be presenting at “Venture Vision” on Wednesday, October 21 at the law firm of Duane Morris in New York. For information on this program, see Duane Morris’ website ( http://www.duanemorris.com ).

Dealflow presenting at Fintech Meetup in New York on Nov 4 - Jon Zanoff and his Empire Startups team host their monthly Fintech Meetup ( http://www.meetup.com/NY-FinTech/events/225028785/ ) at the offices of Latham & Watkins on November 4 at 6:30 PM. We will be one of 5 companies presenting our technology and talking about the future of deal marketing on the Internet.

Industry News

Fifth Street-backed MMKT Announces Plans - Fifth Street ( https://www.morningstar.com/news/globe-news-wire/GNW_10150995/mmkt-raises-59mm-and-launches-platform-to-transform-the-middle-market-loan-syndication-process.html ), through its investment in startup MMKT, announced plans to launch a deal website for middle market loans.  Concurrent with the announcement, MMKT disclosed it raised $5.9 million in capital.

LoanDepot files for IPO - Consumer lending platform LoanDepot, which is owned by Parthenon Capital, has filed for a $100 million IPO ( http://www.loandepot.com ). It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol LDI. The company reports $69 million of net income on $490 million in revenue for the first half of 2015.

Reg A Roundtable - Fund America & OTC Markets are hosting a Reg A roundtable discussion that will cover compliance issues and market-making activities.  The event will take place at 5:00 PM in New York City on October 20.  You can register here ( http://hosted.verticalresponse.com/327098/96dbdb7135/318037385/7d4a361f3b/ ).

Marketplace Lending & the Danger of ABS - In this blog post ( https://medium.com/@alibhamed/why-alternative-lending-platforms-should-not-own-the-loans-they-originate-and-the-danger-of-asset-d5862f800f14 ), Ali Hamed discusses why he thinks alternative lending platforms shouldn’t own the loans they originate, and warns on the danger of asset backed securities.


In this Week's Newsletter

During the reporting period Sep 28 to Oct 4, 2015, we tracked the announcement of 173 launched fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $1,279,903,371 in aggregate value.  Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings.


Download the newsletter( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                        

© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity. 


This email was sent to: [Email Address]                                                            
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                                                            
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                                                            
Tel (516) 876-8006                                                            
steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                                                            
http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                                                            

Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                                                            
