To view an online version of this email, click here ( [weblink] ).

Why Venture Capital Fundraising will Never be the Same

Just a few years ago, companies doing an early-stage round with the assistance of a broker would’ve been laughed out of a venture capitalist’s office.  The broker could’ve been a friend acting as deal-finder or a pro from an investment bank. In either case, if you had an intermediary you weren’t exactly greeted with the red carpet. If the deal was brokered, it had a certain taint.

Well, this has changed – big time.

The business of raising capital for venture-stage companies now has a huge online component. Forget the fact that Uber raised capital on AngelList. Pretty much every company seems to be raising at least some of their capital online. And whether companies are doing it with the assistance of VC funds, syndicate vehicles, or FINRA-registered websites, at the end of the day, they’re all brokers.  Yep, regular intermediaries who earn broker economics if a company gets funded and/or becomes successful.

Even the online VCs putting their own cash into deals are brokering. You don’t believe me?  Look closely at their investment terms to see how they get paid.

The origins of the taint come from the fact that nobody likes a shopped deal.  And if the deal has a broker, it’s safe to assume the deal’s been shopped.  What every investor wants is “proprietary dealflow.” It’s the Holy Grail in the deal business.

How does one get good, truly proprietary dealflow? It’s a question I think about often because even though I’m not a professional investor, I’ve spent my career serving investors with information.  And so to understand their mindset is important to me.  To be clear, in this context, “proprietary” means that a deal is brought to a fund directly from a company’s management, or from one of the fund’s own LPs, or is found by the fund through a proactive outsourcing effort – with no auction process, no shopping, no intermediary.

There’s no doubt that proprietary deals are special.  From the investor’s point of view, they can get a deal closed without any bidding war over price or structure. Unfortunately for investors, proprietary dealflow is going the way of the dodo.

With certain exceptions (such as follow-on investments from existing shareholders), venture-stage companies aren’t just taking the proprietary deal route anymore. Instead, they’re moving their fundraising – or at least a part of it – online.

Maybe it’s that a younger generation is more open to experimenting with the Internet. Maybe it’s increasing investment demand from high-net worth individuals.  Maybe it’s that broader distribution might mean better pricing. I’m not sure.  But it’s happening.

I’ve noticed a serious uptick in the quality of companies being promoted in email.  My inbox has been flooded with interesting deals.  And as I’ve been going through these emails, I’ve found myself amazed at the quality of companies being pitched to me.  I’m seeing companies with great traction, with products I actually use, and backed by brand-name funds.

For me, only part of the story is what I call the “retailization of private placements.” The larger story is that these are brokered deals.  And that’s a big change in market dynamics which opens up all kinds of opportunities for those providing financial services.

Over the summer, I met with Byron Roth, CEO of investment bank Roth Capital.  Byron was a client of my prior company DealFlow Media, which covered small cap equity deals, like PIPEs. I knew Roth as a firm that only focused on public companies so I wanted to talk with him when I saw private company fundraising announcements with Roth’s name listed as agent.

Byron said that they moved into banking private companies because he “finds good deals there.” Now maybe that was an intentionally terse and diplomatic response. But I suspect that like me, he’s looking beyond what worked in the past (like PIPEs) and looking forward with lots of help from leading indicators – all of which are online.

Steven Dresner
steven.dresner@dealflow.com                                                        


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Download the latest newsletter ( http://dealflow.com/publications )                                                        


Industry News

Silicon Valley is ill-suited to Conquer Financial Services - Dusty Wunderlich of Bristlecone talks about how tech companies aiming to be disruptors in fintech (specifically lending) must respect industry regulations and be strategic about challenging the status quo ( http://venturebeat.com/2015/09/20/silicon-valley-could-be-ruining-fintech/ ).

Seems like every Tech Firm wants to get into Lending - All of the easily available data on small businesses has opened up the door for practically anyone to become a lender. This WSJ article covers Intuit's QuickBooks announcement ( http://www.wsj.stfi.re/articles/tech-firms-venture-into-new-territory-lending-1442438820?sf=kvexbr ) that it teamed up with OnDeck to provide small business loans.

Would Algorithmic Markets Save us from Another Financial Crisis? -  In this piece on VentureBeat ( http://venturebeat.com/2015/09/19/algorithmic-markets-would-save-us-from-another-financial-crisis/ ), Peronet Deispegnes argues that in an automated, open, and decentralized market, people would have confidence that the system wouldn’t break.

Another Real Estate Crowdfunding Platform Launches - EquityMultiple, a new real estate crowdfunding platform ( http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2015/09/74637-equitymultiple-partners-with-mission-capital-in-launch-of-real-estate-crowdfunding-platform/ ), launched its first offering for $750,000 in equity for a redevelopment project in Brooklyn, NY.  EquityMuliple is launching the deal in partnership with Mission Capital Advisors.

Whitepaper on VC Investing - Scott Jordan of healthcare deal website HealthiosXchange released a white paper titled, “Re-Boot: Venture Capital Investing in the 21st Century. ( http://sjordanassociates.hs-sites.com/white-paper-re-boot-venture-capital-investing )” In the whitepaper he tackles topics such as whether or not LPs investing on a direct basis will be a viable source of alternative capital.

Capital Markets Conference - Reed Smith and BDO announced their 7th annual Securities and Capital Markets Conference ( http://www.reedsmith.com ) taking place on November 5 in San Francisco. 

Are Private Companies Overvalued or are Public Companies Undervalued?  - Mahesh Vellanki of Redpoint Ventures ( http://mahesh-vc.com/this-is-why-public-and-private-market-valuations-are-completely-different/ ) looks at a couple of metrics including enterprise value/revenue multiples and EBITDA margin percentages to find an answer to this question.

Advisory Committee asks the SEC to take up the ‘Finder’ Issue (Again)  - Bill Meagher, editor at The PIPEs Report, says a committee that advises the Securities and Exchange Commission has recommended the commission take immediate action to address the issue of "finders," ( http://pipeline.thedeal.com/tdd/ViewArticle.dl?id=13299062 ) saying that the informal financial intermediaries used by some microcap companies should register with state regulators and FINRA, not the SEC.


In this Week's Newsletter

During the reporting period Sep 14 to Sep 20, 2015, we tracked the announcement of 204 launched fundraisings for privately-held companies worth a total of $1,735,860,591 in aggregate value.  Data also includes Rule 506(c) fundraisings.



Download the latest newsletter ( http://dealflow.com/publciations )                                                        




© 2015 Dealflow Analytics, Inc. All rights reserved. Dealflow Analytics, Inc. (d/b/a Dealflow.com; “Dealflow”) is not a registered broker-dealer, not a registered investment advisor and is not providing any investment, financial or legal advice. Nothing in this communication (including the attached newsletter, the “Materials”) constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Nothing in the Materials constitutes or implies any endorsement, sponsorship, authorization, affiliation, approval or recommendation by Dealflow of any content, information, investment opportunities, securities, products or services referenced in the Materials, or otherwise. Dealflow has no obligation to undertake and has not done any due diligence, analysis or other investigation of any information contained in the Materials. Dealflow makes no express or implied representation or warranty as to, and accepts no responsibility for, the veracity, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in the Materials, for any securities, investment opportunities, or transactions discussed in the Materials, or for the value or suitability thereof. Dealflow does not have any obligation to update or revise any information contained in the Materials to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances that may impact the veracity, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Materials are being presented for your general information and for personal use only. This email is only intended for its initial recipient and may not be forwarded to any other recipient and is intended to only be reviewed by “accredited investors” as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act of 1933. If you are in a jurisdiction where your receipt of this email is not in accordance with applicable law, you may not review this email and should contact Dealflow. By opening and reading this email you understand and agree to the disclaimers above, certify that you are an “accredited investor”, and agree that you are authorized to receive this email. You further agree that Dealflow has no liability to you whatsoever in connection with the Materials, including, without limitation, any losses you may incur in connection with any investment in any of the opportunities described in the Materials. Always conduct thorough due diligence and consult with your financial, legal and tax professionals before investing in any opportunity. 



This email was sent to: [Email Address]                                                            
This email was sent by: Dealflow.com                                                            
131 Jericho Turnpike Jericho, NY 11753                                                            
Tel (516) 876-8006                                                            
steven.dresner@dealflow.com ( mailto:steven.dresner@dealflow.com )                                                            
http://dealflow.com ( http://dealflow.com )                                                            

Click here ( [unsubscribe] ) to leave this mailing list.                                                            





